Ah!
It's a dressing room contracted by our company in the suburbs
It will arrive soon.
Stop your car.
I'm not going.
I'm talking to you
Parking
I told you to stop
I want to get out of the car and park
Hello Mr. Jiang
The person sent to follow Miss Xiaoya said
Miss Xiaoya is missing
What!
Xiaoya is gone
Summon someone immediately to the place where I sent the location. Hurry up.
Where is this?
Let go of me!
Let me go
What are you shouting?
Louder
Let's see who can come to your rescue today
Mr. Zhang
Why can't you just let me go?
The first day you met me
To tell you the truth
I can't get what I want
Including you.
I will teach you a good lesson today
Tell you what is abuse
What is love?
Shout, keep shouting, haha.
You shout
Let him go!